---
title: schema
---

Use the "+" and "-" icons to expand and collapse sections of the schema.

<div class="container">
<div id="test">

<script type="text/javascript" src="../../javascripts/renderjson.js"></script>
<script>
renderjson.set_show_to_level(2).set_icons('+', '-');


var example = [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the system of record, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). Uses a specialized, complex 'Identifier' data type to capture information about the source of the business identifier - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity. ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "", "name": "species", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "", "name": "sex", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "", "name": "race", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "", "name": "ethnicity", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "Per GDC Dictionary, number of days between the date used for index and the date from a person's date of birth represented as a calculated negative number of days.", "name": "days_to_birth", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": "", "name": "subject_associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "REPEATED"}, {"name": "File", "description": "", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the repository, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "Short name or abbreviation for dataset. Maps to rdfs:label.", "name": "label", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_category", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "String to identify the full file extension including compression extensions.", "name": "file_format", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A reference to the Project(s) of which this ResearchSubject is a member. The associated_project may be embedded using the $ref definition or may be a reference to the id for the Project - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity.", "name": "associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "", "name": "drs_uri", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "Size of the file in bytes. Maps to dcat:byteSize.", "name": "byte_size", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": " ", "name": "checksum", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"name": "ResearchSubject", "description": "A research subject is the entity of interest in a specific research study or project, typically a human being or an animal, but can also be a device, group of humans or animals, or a tissue sample. Human research subjects are usually not traceable to a particular person to protect the subject\u2019s privacy.  This entity plays the role of the case_id in existing data.", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the system of record, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system. For CDA, this is case_id.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). Uses a specialized, complex 'Identifier' data type to capture information about the source of the business identifier - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity. ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "A reference to the Project(s) of which this ResearchSubject is a member. The associated_project may be embedded using the $ref definition or may be a reference to the id for the Project - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity.", "name": "associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "The text term used to describe the type of malignant disease (that qualifies the ResearchSubject for this Project), as categorized by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O). ", "name": "primary_disease_type", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "The text term used to describe the primary site of disease (that qualifies the ResearchSubject for this Project), as categorized by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O). This categorization groups cases into general categories.", "name": "primary_disease_site", "type": "STRING"}, {"name": "Diagnosis", "description": "", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the repository, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "", "name": "primary_diagnosis", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "", "name": "age_at_diagnosis", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": "", "name": "morphology", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "", "name": "stage", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "", "name": "grade", "type": "STRING"}, {"name": "Treatment", "description": "", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the repository, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "Text name for treatment type; this will ultimately be defined by a common vocabulary", "name": "treatment_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "Text name for treatment outcome; this will ultimately be defined by a common vocabulary", "name": "treatment_outcome", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The date and optionally time that the treatment was started in integer.", "name": "days_to_treatment_start", "type": "INTEGER", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "The date and optionally time that the treatment was terminated in integer format.", "name": "days_treatment_end", "type": "STRING"}]}]}, {"name": "File", "description": "", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the repository, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "Short name or abbreviation for dataset. Maps to rdfs:label.", "name": "label", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_category", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "String to identify the full file extension including compression extensions.", "name": "file_format", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A reference to the Project(s) of which this ResearchSubject is a member. The associated_project may be embedded using the $ref definition or may be a reference to the id for the Project - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity.", "name": "associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "", "name": "drs_uri", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "Size of the file in bytes. Maps to dcat:byteSize.", "name": "byte_size", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": " ", "name": "checksum", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"name": "Specimen", "description": "Any material taken as a sample from a biological entity (living or dead), or from a physical object or the environment. Specimens are usually collected as an example of their kind, often for use in some investigation.", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the system of record, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "", "name": "associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "The age of the Patient when this sample was taken.", "name": "age_at_collection", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": "", "name": "primary_disease_type", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "Per GDC Dictionary, the text term that represents the name of the primary disease site of the submitted tumor sample; recommend dropping tumor; biospecimen_anatomic_site.", "name": "anatomical_site", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The general kind of material from which the specimen was derived, indicating the physical nature of the source material. ", "name": "source_material_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The high-level type of the specimen, based on its how it has been derived from the original extracted sample. \n", "name": "specimen_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A source/parent specimen from which this one was directly derived.", "name": "derived_from_specimen", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "The Patient/ResearchSubject, or Biologically Derived Materal (e.g. a cell line, tissue culture, organoid) from which the specimen was directly or indirectly derived.", "name": "derived_from_subject", "type": "STRING"}, {"name": "File", "description": "", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The 'logical' identifier of the entity in the repository, e.g. a UUID.  This 'id' is unique within a given system. The identified entity may have a different 'id' in a different system.", "name": "id", "mode": "REQUIRED", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A 'business' identifier  or accession number for the entity, typically as provided by an external system or authority, that persists across implementing systems  (i.e. a  'logical' identifier). ", "name": "identifier", "type": "RECORD", "mode": "REPEATED", "fields": [{"description": "The system or namespace that defines the identifier.", "name": "system", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "The value of the identifier, as defined by the system.", "name": "value", "type": "STRING"}]}, {"description": "Short name or abbreviation for dataset. Maps to rdfs:label.", "name": "label", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_category", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": " ", "name": "data_type", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "String to identify the full file extension including compression extensions.", "name": "file_format", "type": "STRING"}, {"description": "A reference to the Project(s) of which this ResearchSubject is a member. The associated_project may be embedded using the $ref definition or may be a reference to the id for the Project - or a URI expressed as a string to an existing entity.", "name": "associated_project", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "", "name": "drs_uri", "type": "STRING", "mode": "NULLABLE"}, {"description": "Size of the file in bytes. Maps to dcat:byteSize.", "name": "byte_size", "type": "INTEGER"}, {"description": " ", "name": "checksum", "type": "STRING"}]}]}]}]
;
    document.getElementById("test").appendChild(renderjson(example));
</script>
</div></div>
